Refactor virtual modules exports (#9150)
withastro/astro: .changeset/sour-games-burn.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Refactors virtual modules exports. This should not break your projects unless you imported Astro's internal modules.

Author: ```suggestion
Refactors virtual modules exports. This should not break your project unless you import Astro's internal modules, including:

- `astro/middleware/namespace`
- `astro/transitions`
- `astro/transitions/router`
- `astro/prefetch`
- `astro/i18n`
```
